{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength.\'a0 It has been universally\
established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon\
or three normal sized billiard balls.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"\
%\
"A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit,\
let alone discuss with prospective clients.\'a0 Still, the fact remains that\
there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another,\
completely immune to any direct magical spell.\'a0 It is for this group of\
beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.\
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club\
near your person at all times."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII\
%\
An ancient proverb summed it up: when a wizard is tired of looking for\
broken glass in his dinner, it ran, he is tired of life.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"\
%\
Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.\
%\
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they become soggy and hard to\
light.\
%\
Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal, for they are subtle and\
quick to anger.\
%\
"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good\
with ketchup."\
%\
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Aleister Crowley\
%\
Eight was also the Number of Bel-Shamharoth, which was why a sensible wizard\
would never mention the number if he could avoid it.\'a0 Or you'll be eight\
alive, apprentices were jocularly warned.\'a0 Bel-Shamharoth was especially\
attracted to dabblers in magic who, by being as it were beachcombers on the\
shores of the unnatural, were already half-enmeshed in his nets.\
Rincewind's room number in his hall of residence had been 7a.\'a0 He hadn't\
been surprised.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Sending of Eight"\
%\
"How do you know she is a unicorn?" Molly demanded.\'a0 "And why were you afraid\
to let her touch you?\'a0 I saw you.\'a0 You were afraid of her."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long," the cat\
replied without rancor.\'a0 "I would not waste time in foolishness if I were\
you.\'a0 As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be\
deceived by appearances.\'a0 Unlike human beings, who enjoy them.\'a0 As for your\
second question --"\'a0 Here he faltered, and suddenly became very interested\
in washing; nor would he speak until he had licked himself fluffy and then\
licked himself smooth again.\'a0 Even then he would not look at Molly, but\
examined his claws.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "If she had touched me," he said very softly, "I would have been\
hers and not my own, not ever again."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"\
%\
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because\
one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots\
who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally\
suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses.\'a0 Oh, say\
the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those\
studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association?\
To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of\
wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their\
mystical power being sort of drained out.\'a0 Right, say the wizards, that just\
about does it, you and your leather posing pouches.\'a0 Oh yeah, say the the\
heroes, why don't you ...\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"\
%\
It is well known that *things* from undesirable universes are always seeking\
an entrance into this one, which is the psychic equivalent of handy for the\
buses and closer to the shops.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"\
%\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 It seems there's this magician working one of the luxury cruise ships\
for a few years.\'a0 He doesn't have to change his routines much as the audiences\
change over fairly often, and he's got a good life.\'a0\'a0 The only problem is the\
ship's parrot, who perches in the hall and watches him night after night, year\
after year.\'a0 Finally, the parrot figures out how almost every trick works and\
starts giving it away for the audience.\'a0 For example, when the magician makes\
a bouquet of flowers disappear, the parrot squawks "Behind his back!\'a0 Behind\
his back!"\'a0 Well, the magician is really annoyed at this, but there's not much\
he can do about it as the parrot is a ship's mascot and very popular with the\
passengers.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 One night, the ship strikes some floating debris, and sinks without\
a trace.\'a0 Almost everyone aboard was lost, except for the magician and the\
parrot.\'a0 For three days and nights they just drift, with the magician clinging\
to one end of a piece of driftwood and the parrot perched on the other end.\
As the sun rises on the morning of the fourth day, the parrot walks over to\
the magician's end of the log.\'a0 With obvious disgust in his voice, he snaps\
"OK, you win, I give up.\'a0 Where did you hide the ship?"\
%\
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Aleister Crowley\
%\
Magic is always the best solution -- especially reliable magic.\
%\
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously\
cramp his style.\
%\
Rincewind had generally been considered by his tutors to be a natural wizard\
in the same way that fish are natural mountaineers.\'a0 He probably would have\
been thrown out of Unseen University anyway--he couldn't remember spells and\
smoking made him feel ill.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"\
%\
Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.\
%\
The default Magic Word, "Abracadabra", actually is a corruption of the\
Hebrew phrase "ha-Bracha dab'ra" which means "pronounce the blessing".\
%\
"The first rule of magic is simple.\'a0 Don't waste your time waving your\
hands and hoping when a rock or a club will do."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- McCloctnik the Lucid\
%\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he\
reported to Fafhrd: "I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.\'a0 The Gray\
Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace\
of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.\'a0 Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of\
him are dead, he is alive.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Now about Lankhmar.\'a0 She's been invaded, her walls breached\
everywhere and desperate fighting is going on in the streets, by a fierce\
host which out-numbers Lankhamar's inhabitants by fifty to one -- and\
equipped with all modern weapons.\'a0 Yet you can save the city."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "How?" demanded Fafhrd.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 Ningauble shrugged.\'a0 "You're a hero.\'a0 You should know."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Fritz Leiber, "The Swords of Lankhmar"\
%\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Then what is magic for?" Prince Lir demanded wildly.\'a0 "What use is\
wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?"\'a0 He gripped the magician's shoulder\
hard, to keep from falling.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 Schmendrick did not turn his head.\'a0 With a touch of sad mockery in\
his voice, he said, "That's what heroes are for."\
...\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Yes, of course," he [Prince Lir] said.\'a0 "That is exactly what heroes\
are for.\'a0 Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but\
heroes are meant to die for unicorns."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Peter Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"\
%\
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and\
fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here\
and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for\
wonder.\'a0 There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up\
your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VII\
%\
Unseen University had never admitted women, muttering something about\
problems with the plumbing, but the real reason was an unspoken dread that\
if women were allowed to mess around with magic they would probably be\
embarrassingly good at it ...\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Light Fantastic"\
%\
Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Tom Robbins\
%\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Verily and forsooth," replied Goodgulf darkly.\'a0 "In the past year\
strange and fearful wonders I have seen.\'a0 Fields sown with barley reap\
crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.\
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.\'a0 Calendars are made with\
a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance\
salesmen.\'a0 The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in\
square knots.\'a0 The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down\
soggy potato chips."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "But what do all these things mean?" gasped Frito.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Beats me," said Goodgulf with a shrug, "but I thought it made good\
copy."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Harvard Lampoon, "Bored of the Rings"\
%\
Watch Rincewind.\
Look at him.\'a0 Scrawny, like most wizards, and clad in a dark red robe on\
which a few mystic sigils were embroidered in tarnished sequins. Some might\
have taken him for a mere apprentice enchanter who had run away from his\
master out of defiance, boredom, fear and a lingering taste for\
heterosexuality.\'a0 Yet around his neck was a chain bearing the bronze octagon\
that marked him as an alumnus of Unseen University, the high school of magic\
whose time-and-space transcendent campus is never precisely Here or There.\
Graduates were usually destined for mageship at least, but Rincewind--after\
an unfortunate event--had left knowing only one spell and made a living of\
sorts around the town by capitalizing on an innate gift for languages.\'a0 He\
avoided work as a rule, but had a quickness of wit that put his\
acquaintances in mind of a bright rodent.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Terry Pratchett, "The Colour of Magic"\
%\
What is a magician but a practising theorist?\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Obi-Wan Kenobi\
%\
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Peter S. Beagle, "The Last Unicorn"\
%\
When I say the magic word to all these people, they will vanish forever.\
I will then say the magic words to you, and you, too, will vanish -- never\
to be seen again.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- Kurt Vonnegut Jr., "Between Time and Timbuktu"\
%}