{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.\
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought\
to have a name.\'a0 This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name\
should be masculine or feminine.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 After considerable thought, he settled on an naming the car either\
Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Is a Nissan male or female?" he began asking his friends.\'a0 Most of\
them looked at him pecularly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and\
went on their way rather quickly.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black\
belt in judo.\'a0 She thought for a moment and answered "Feminine."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 The swiftness of her response puzzled him. "You're sure of that?" he\
asked.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Certainly," she replied. "They wouldn't sell very well if they were\
masculine."\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Unhhh...\'a0 Well, why not?"\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 "Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want\
it to.\'a0 And, if Nissan's are female, it's like they say...\'a0 `Each Nissan, she\
go!'"\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 [No, we WON'T explain it; go ask someone who practices an oriental\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 martial art.\'a0 (Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.)\'a0 Ed.]\
%\
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.\
%\
Ego sum ens omnipotens.\
%\
Hodie natus est radici frater.\
[ Unto the root is born a brother ]\
%\
Honi soit la vache qui rit.\
%\
Klatu barada nikto.\
%\
Mieux vaut tard que jamais!\
[ Better late than never ]\
%\
Quid me anxius sum?\
[ What? Me, worry? ]\
%\
semper en excretus\
%\
SEMPER UBI SUB UBI!!!!\
[ Always wear underwater ]\
%\
sillema sillema nika su\
%\
Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme personne n'ecoute, il faut\
toujours recommencer.\
\'a0\'a0\'a0 \'a0\'a0\'a0 -- A. Gide\
[ All things have already been said, but since no one listens, one\
\'a0 must always start again. ]\
%}